Release Policy: Update docs and screenshots (#2679)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/deploy/release-strategy/release-policy.md

You may define the fleet and device release policies via the [{{ $names.cloud.lower }} dashboard]({{ $links.dashboardUrl }}) or programmatically through the [API][api], [SDKs][sdk], or [CLI][cli].

## Pin fleet to a release

You can set the release the fleet is pinned to either via the Releases card on the On the Fleet summary page or the `Pin to release` setting on the Fleet settings page. By default, the setting is set to `track latest`, which means that new releases are immediately deployed to all devices in the fleet when built. The dropdown menu at both of the aforementioned locations displays all releases for the fleet, and you can select a specific release to pin the fleet to.  When the fleet is pinned, all devices that are not currently pinned to a release are updated to run the pinned release, and in the future, releases will not be deployed until the pinned release is updated to a different release or set to `track latest`.

<img src="/img/common/release-policy/releases_card_dropdown.png" width="100%" alt="Pin fleet to release from Releases card">

> <img src="/img/common/release-policy/pin_to_release_setting.png" width="100%" alt="Pin fleet to release setting">

Reviewer: You can split two images here in the docs with text by a line called, 

This can be achieved using the `Pin to release` setting on the Fleet settings page. 

This will also reduce the blob of text before the two images and provide an adequate caption. For both images to explain what exactly both of these are.

> You can also pin a fleet to a release via the CLI as follows:

Reviewer: Can we link the CLI docs as well for this? I remember creating this issue which makes me realize we don't have docs to begin with: https://github.com/balena-io/balena-cli/issues/2604

Author: Yes we can do that, but in the meantime these docs are very outdated so I would prefer not to block on that. I think we can update these docs witht he CLI docs in a followup PR

- Pin to a specific release: `balena fleet pin myorg/myfleet 91165e5`
- Track latest: `balena fleet track-latest myorg/myfleet`

## Pin device to a release

> As well as pinning a fleet to a specific release, you may pin individual devices to a specific release. By default, all devices track the fleet release. However, you may wish to run a different release on select devices, for example, a development device or when performing a [canary deployment][canary].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as pinning a fleet to a specific release, you can pin individual devices to a specific release. By default, all devices track the fleet release. However, you may wish to run a different release on select devices, for example, a development device or when performing a [canary deployment][canary].
```

Author: `Same` isn't better semantically IMO, but I'll admin that `As well` is a bit odd... Arguably we really don't need that first sentence at all, right? It's implied by the existence of this doc section, isn't it?

Reviewer: True that. Less is more.

> There are three ways to do so from the from the Device dashboard. The dropdown from each of these methods is identical to the one you see when trying to pin the fleet to a release:
> - Via the Devices table by selecting one or more devices and opening the `Modify` menu: <img src="/img/common/release-policy/devices_table_modify.png" width="100%">
> - Via the pencil icon that appears on-hover over the `Target release` property on the Device summary page: <img src="/img/common/release-policy/devices_target_release_pencil.png" width="100%">
> - Via the Device settings page: <img src="/img/common/release-policy/device_settings.png" width="100%">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to achieve this from the Device dashboard. The dropdown options are identical to the ones when trying to pin the fleet to a release:

- On the Devices page, you can select one or more devices using the checkboxes present on the table. Next, open the `Modify` menu and select `Pin to release` option.

<img src="/img/common/release-policy/devices_table_modify.png" width="100%">

- Alternatively, on hovering over the `Target release` property in the Device summary page, you will see a pencil icon appear. This can be used to pin the release as well. 

<img src="/img/common/release-policy/devices_target_release_pencil.png" width="100%">

- Lastly, the settings page of a device also has the option to pin the release.

<img src="/img/common/release-policy/device_settings.png" width="100%">
```

> Once the device has updated, its `Target release` column updates to the pinned release and shows a pin, rather than just showing the release targetted by the fleet. The `Release policy` column also updates to say `Pinned`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the device has been pinned to a release and updated, its `Target release` column updates to the pinned release. Visibly it will show a pin, rather than just showing the release targetted by the fleet. The `Release policy` column also updates to say `Pinned`
```

Author: 👍 , except I don't think we need `Visibly`, it's implied by "It will show" IMO

<img src="/img/common/release-policy/target_release_pin.png" width="100%" alt="Device release policy">

You can also pin a device to a release via the CLI as follows:
- Pin to a specific release: `balena device pin 7cf02a6 91165e5`

> - Track latest: `balena device track-fleet 7cf02a6`

Reviewer: repetition of info? from L18

Author: The commands look similar but they're not. For each section we have *device* vs *fleet*, and the second bullet is a different command `track-latest` vs `track-fleet`
